welcome to airport city at mi a a
multi-faceted world where you'll
experience a dynamic preview of a
diverse environment designed to be
engaging convenient and sustainable
this is your captain speaking it looks
like it's going to be another beautiful
day in Miami the temperature is about 79
degrees for those passengers heading to
the new airport city at Mi a hotel
business part or the Miami intermodal
center you can now take the mi a people
mover flight attendants please prepare
for landing
Miami Global Gateway to the United
States the Caribbean and Latin America a
vibrant multicultural city connectivity
and accessibility important needs in our
modern world
multimodal transportation designed to
enhance urban mobility making it easy
for tourists residents and county
employees to travel to from and between
destinations the airport linked by Metro
Rail will connect to the Miami
intermodal center a major ground
transportation hub providing residents
and visitors access throughout
miami-dade County and the South Florida
region an automated people mover system
the mi a mover will tie the Miami
intermodal center to the terminals of
the Miami International Airport the mi a
mover provides an efficient convenient
and seamless transportation alternative
the mi a hospitality Center with
skybridge connections to the north and
south terminals is the epicenter for
passenger employee and visitor activity
and serves as a key transition point for
those flying to an international or
domestic destination this spacious bar
and Lobby is a welcome away sis of calm
that tells you right away
your preferences are paramount checking
into its world class hotel a personal
welcome or will greet you and if desired
assist you with check-in at an
interactive kiosk a haven of comfort and
quiet your hotel suite offers a retreat
from the hectic urban world you can sit
back as you make yourself at home
now perhaps a swim or a vigorous workout
to melt away any residual stress airport
city is about choice it's about
tailoring your experience to your own
needs and desires Airport City @mi a
redefines what's possible enhancing the
experience of passengers and the Miami
community the hotel conference center
serves as a convenient fly-in corporate
headquarters the mi a hospitality center
also offers a Galleria of appealing
restaurants shops and chic boutiques the
whole experience has been a satisfying
mix of business and pleasure chances are
you'll return to airport city at m.i.a
for your next meeting
now the mi a convenience center a
thoughtfully planned and designed retail
shopping plaza at the entrance to mi a a
convenience store dry cleaner gas
station and pet hotel and spa all
provide airport users and employees the
convenience of one-stop shopping
finally mi a Business Park this
multi-use complex offers Class A office
space hotel parking retail venues
restaurants and a variety of other
commercial enterprises and recreational
amenities all with direct access to the
terminals via the mi a mover the
business park is ideally situated to
attract local national and international
businesses travelers and area residents
to mi a that gateway to Latin America
and South Florida's main economic engine
the vision of airport city at mi a
elevates the concept of the airport as a
regional asset an engine of economic
growth and prosperity and an
international icon capitalizing on its
multi-billion dollar investment in
creating a world-class Airport
miami-dade county has partnered with Oda
brush to make this vision a reality
together our experience our capabilities
and the strength of our partnerships can
bring airport city at mi a two line
you